README.md, before:

# Vulkan Starter
A basic Vulkan implementation that renders a simple triangle. If you see this, then
please be aware that the code is still a work in progress as I continue to clean up
the code and increase readability.

<img src=".gitassets/Application.png" width="500"/>

## Requirements
* [GLFW](https://glfw.org) - Cross-platform windowing
* [Vulkan SDK](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/) - Graphics API
* Your system must also be compatible with Vulkan
* [Premake](https://premake.github.io/) - Project configuration/building

### Dependencies
It's assumed that you understand how to compile the GLFW library for your specific platform. If not, then refer to GLFW's documentation. Create a folder called ```Dependencies``` within the root folder and place the GLFW library inside that folder. To know exactly the paths required please take a look the the ```premake5.lua``` file which has all the project configuration settings.

*Important note*: Once the Vulkan SDK is installed on your system, make sure to 
edit the paths to the correct Vulkan SDK directory within the ```premake5.lua``` configuration file and the ```CompileShaders.sh``` file.

## Building

For compiling this example project, [premake](https://premake.github.io/) is used
to generate project files depending on your operating system and development enviroment. Please refer to their [documentation](https://premake.github.io/docs/Building-Premake) regaring generating project files. Premake is reponsible for including the correct header files and linking to the required libraries.

### Shader Compiling
Unlike in OpenGL, shaders cannot be loaded as text directly to Vulkan. Instead,
Vulkan requires shaders to be in the SPIR-V (Standard, Portable Intermediate Representation-V) intermediate language format when loaded. 

This example project already includes precompiled SPIR-V shader files, however, if
you make any changes to the source text shader files then make sure to compile them.
There are a few ways to achieve this however, for simplicity, the Vulkan SDK provides a program called ```glslc``` which converts the shader files at ```Source/Shaders``` from text to SPIR-V and outputs them to the ```Build``` directory which then get loaded at runtime to Vulkan.

Commit message:

Moved away from premake5 and using CMake instead. This is mainly due to the fact that my Fedora distro does not have premake5 and CMake is more well known.

README.md, after:

# Vulkan Starter
A basic Vulkan implementation that renders a simple triangle. If you see this, then
please be aware that the code is still a work in progress as I continue to clean up
the code and increase readability.

<img src=".gitassets/Application.png" width="500"/>

## Requirements
* [GLFW](https://glfw.org) - Cross-platform windowing
* [Vulkan SDK](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/) - Graphics API
* [CMake](https://cmake.org) - Project configuration/building

### Dependencies

As mentioned above, GLFW is used for the cross-platform windowing. This example project includes the GLFW repository as a git submodule.
When cloning the repository the full command is: ``` git clone --recurse-submodules git@github.com:ZOulhadj/VulkanStarter.git ```. This
will ensure that you clone both the actual repository and all dependencies which this case is only GLFW.

## Building

For compiling this example project, CMake is used to generate project files depending on your operating system and generator choice.

Create a folder called ``` Build ``` within the root directory. Then from within the ``` Build ``` folder, call ``` cmake ../ ```.
This will create an "out of source" build which will ensure that build files do not get mixed with the program source code.

### Shader Compiling
Unlike in OpenGL, shaders cannot be loaded as text directly to Vulkan. Instead,
Vulkan requires shaders to be in the SPIR-V (Standard, Portable Intermediate Representation-V)
intermediate language format when loaded.

This example project already includes precompiled SPIR-V shader files, however, if
you make any changes to the source text shader files then make sure to compile them.
There are a few ways to achieve this however, for simplicity, the Vulkan SDK provides a program
called ```glslc``` which converts the shader files at ```Source/Shaders``` from text to SPIR-V
and outputs them to the ```Build``` directory which then get loaded at runtime to Vulkan.
